In the last lectures we did a lot of set up to get the information about the item we're about to edit.
Now let's edit it.
I want to get the item we want to edit it for this in a shop and a service only a new method which is
simply get ingredient which expects to get the index number and which will simply return as the ingredient
from our ingredients array.
So the ingredient add is index.
So with that returned we now can reach out cutis new method in our shopping added component and store
it in the edited item maybe which is an ingredient of type ingredient and we do this whenever we get
new information that we're in the edit mode.
I should say so here edited item will be said equal to you reaching out to the shopping service to the
item we get from the get ingredient method.
And here we simply pass our index.
So with this we get a lot of information here.
Now we need to update our form if we are in edit mode.
And four days I want to get access to the form now on the form.
We do have a local reference if we can use this together with the child to get access to it.
So here I will actually use at view child and make sure to add to the import from an English core I
will reach out to AF and this will be the shopping list for him of Taieb Angie for him.
So make sure to assign this type here.
Now once we get all the new information inside of the SUBSCRIBE Colback and that is of course important
outside of there.
This will not be run.
Each time we get new information but it might be run before we got any information at all.
So outside would be wrong inside of this call back here.
I want to reach out to my forum and call set the value here.
And now I want to assign a new value for a name I will use my edited item and your name and for amount
you guessed it I'll also use my end of that item and then the amount and this should make sure that
whenever we select a new item we actually populate the form with the right values.
We can already try this with any server running once our page reloads.
If I click here we indeed select the correct item.
So dad is working as expected.
Of course it still adds it as a new item so we need to make sure that if we are editing we correctly
rename the bottom to to update or something like this and that we then also do update the item and don't
add a new one.
Let's do this in the next lecture